# Contribution Guide

Thank you for your interest in this library!

Feedback is always appreciated, currently you can use github issues
for everything related to this library (bugs, feedback etc). I'm
(eikek) also available on Matrix (@eikek:matrix.org).

If you plan to invest more time in coding something, please consider
opening a ticket first for discussing it.

## Modules

If you want to create another utility that integrates with another
library, just create another module analog to the existing ones (like
doobie, circe, …). The `core` module should stay dependency free.

The `core` module has a package called `internal`, which contains
internal stuff meant to be used within the `core` module only. Please
try to not use these things in another modue.

## CI

Github actions are used to execute the sbt task `ci` for each pull
request. This task is only an alias, you can see it at the beginning
of `build.sbt`. It simply runs all tests across all configured Scala
versions and does a `publishLocal` at the end.

You can run the same task locally: `sbt ci`.

## Formatting

This project uses scalafmt and scalafix to unify the formatting. You
can run `sbt fix` to reformat source code according to the rules in
`.scalafmt.conf` and `.scalafix.conf`.

The formatting can be checked with `sbt lint` command.

## Readme

The README is generated by sbt, because it contains code examples that
are compiled to make sure that they are up to date. When editing the
README, please edit the `doc/readme.md` file. The root README.md can
be generated via:

```bash
sbt readme/updateReadme
```

It will extract all `scala mdoc` source blocks and then compiles them,
to make sure the examples are working.
